[ZT] SSH proxy usernames (#10160)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/network-policies/ssh-logging.md

## 1. Ensure Unix usernames match user SSO identities

To authenticate to an SSH server through WARP, the user's Unix username must match their email address prefix. For example, if a user in your Okta or GSuite organization is registered as `jdoe@example.com`, they would log in to the SSH server as `jdoe`.

For testing purposes, you can run the following command to generate a Unix user on the machine:

```sh
$ sudo adduser jdoe
```

## 2. Generate a Gateway SSH proxy CA

> Instead of traditional SSH keys, Gateway uses short-lived certificates to authenticate traffic between Cloudflare and your origin. The Gateway SSH proxy CA will fetch the user's SSO identity from a token and issue a short-lived certificate for the user's email address prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of traditional SSH keys, Gateway uses short-lived certificates to authenticate traffic between Cloudflare and your origin.  The Gateway SSH  proxy will use the warp-enrollment email and issue a short-lived certificate for the user's email address prefix.

Might not be the best words, but thats more like what happens.
```
